A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two tired
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead
A bird in the hand makes it hard to blow your nose
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun
A career is just a job that went on too long
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion
A clean tie attracts the soup of the day
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory
A day without fusion is like a day without sunshine
A day without sunshine is like night
A dean is to a faculty as a hydrant is to a dog
A dime is a dollar after the taxes are taken out
A drink a day keeps the shrink away
A fail-safe circuit will destroy others
A fool and his money are soon invited places
A fool and his money are soon partying
A fool and his money stabilize the economy
A fool with money to burn soon meets his match
A friend in need is a pest indeed
A good scapegoat is hard to find
A harp is a nude piano
A home where the buffalo roam...  Is messy
A husband is living proof that a wife can take a joke
A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually
A king's castle is his home
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction
A lady draws a line, while a tramp falls for a line
A lady is chaste.  A tramp is chased
A lady lives for a loving.  A tramp loves for a living
A lie in time saves nine
A man in the house is worth two in the street
A man needs a mistress just to break the monogamy
A man who turns green has eschewed protein
A man without a woman is like a fish without gills
A man's home is his castle, in a manor of speaking
A man's house is his hassle
A modest little person, with much to be modest about
A motion to adjourn is always in order
A penny saved has not been spent
A penny saved is an economic breakthrough
A penny saved is better than a penny earned
A penny saved is ridiculous
A person is innocent until proven President
A pessimist is a married optimist
A plateau is a high form of flattery
A poet can survive anything but a misprint
A preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with
A pun is the lowest form of humor
A quarter ounce of chocolate equals four pounds of fat
A Renaissance man diffuses to refine himself
A ring is a hole with a rim round it
A rolling stone gathers momentum
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule
A sadist is a person who is kind to a masochist
A sentence is worth a thousand words
A shortcut is the longest path between two points
A sinking ship gathers no moss
A smile is a curve that can set a lot of things straight
A Smith
A soft drink turneth away company
A taxi driver is a man who drives away customers
A theory is better than its explanation
A truly wise person never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper its printed on
A virtuoso is a musician with real high morals
A waist is a terrible thing to mind
A watched clock never boils
A woman need not reveal her age, only her passions
A young child is a noise with dirt on it
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy
Abraham Lincoln became America's greatest precedent
Absence makes the heart go wander
Absence makes the heart grow fonder...  For someone else
Absolute truth is a 5-4 decision by the Supreme Court
Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it is out of date.)
Abstain from wine, women, and song; mostly song
Abstinence makes the heart grow fonder
Abstinence vanishes with presence
Academy:  A modern school where football is taught
Accept a breath mint if someone offers you one
According to my calculations, the problem does not exist
Accuracy:  The vice of being right
Act old later
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families
Acupuncture is a jab well done
Ad:  Cute kitten for sale, 2 cents or best offer
Ad:  Georgia peaches
Ad:  Joining nudist colony, must sell washer
Ad:  Snow blower for sale...  Only used on snowy days
Ad:  Tickle Me Elmo.  New in box.  Hardly tickled.  $700
Adult:  One old enough to know better
Adultery:  Putting yourself in someone else's position
Adults are just kids who owe money
Advanced design:  Upper management doesn't understand it
Advanced technology:  It's too complicated for me
Adventure is a sign of incompetence
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill
Age is not important unless you're a cheese
Aging is a birth defect
Aging is a non-curable disease
Ah, to be a buzzard now that spring is here!
Air is water with holes in it
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value
Alaska is our biggest, buggiest, boggiest state
Alcohol and calculus don't mix.  Never drink and derive
Alcohol kills you slowly, but who's in a hurry?
Alimony is a splitting headache
Alimony is the high cost of leaving
All bleeding eventually stops
All I want is a little more than I'll ever get
All men are idiots, and I married their king
All new:  Parts not interchangeable with previous model
All people are born alike
All signs in metric for the next 20 miles
All that glitters has a high refractive index
All the good ones are taken
All the men on my staff can type
All the modern inconveniences..
All the points in between are, well, in between
All things being equal, fat people use more soap
All things being equal, I'd rather be created
All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts
All's well that ends
Allow me to introduce my selves
Almonds are members of the peach family
Always draw your curves, then plot the data
Always drink upstream from the herd
Always pick on the correct idiom
Always remember to pillage BEFORE you burn
Always take both skis off before hanging them up
Am I in charge here?...  No, but I'm full of ideas
Ambiguity:  Telling the truth when you don't mean to
Ambivalent?  Well, yes and no
America was created by geniuses to be run by idiots
Among economists, the real world is often a special case
An after-dinner speaker rises to the occasion
An ambush:  Engaging the enemy on all sides
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year
An apple every eight hours keeps three doctors away
An elm's bark is worse when there's blight
An example of hard water is ice
An expert has a great reason for guessing wrong
An honest God's the noblest work of man
An idle mind is worth two in the bush
An informed citizen panics more intelligently
An object at rest will always be in the wrong place
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain
An ounce of rejection is worse than a pound of "sure"
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys
Anarchy is against the law
Anarchy:  It's not a law, it's just a good idea
And don't start a sentence with a conjunction
And now for something completely different
Answer my prayers, steal this car
Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't
Any landing you can walk away from is a good one
Anyone who makes an absolute statement is a fool
Anything dropped in the bathroom falls in the toilet
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly
Anything worth fighting for is worth fighting dirty for
Anything you do can get you shot, including nothing
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious
Archaeologists will date any old thing
Are you lustworthy?
Are you making this up as you go along?
Arguments with furniture are rarely productive
Art is anything you can get away with
Artery:  Study of paintings
As a matter of fact, I DO own the road!
As is often the case when I generalize, I don't care
Ask about our layaway plan
Ask about our plans for owning your home
Astronauts are out to launch
Astronomers bring light to the darkest discussions
At 300 miles an hour, you can make a rock fly
At my age, I don't buy green bananas
At these prices, I lose money
Atheism is a non-prophet organization
Atheists are beyond belief
Atheists are people with no invisible means of support
Auntie Em:  Hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog
Author:  An imaginary person who writes real books
Autocorrect has become my worst enema
Avoid cliches like the plague; seek viable alternatives
Avoid colloquial stuff
Avoid commas, that are not necessary
Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky
Babies learn decibels before they learn syllables
Bachelor:  A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free
Bachelor:  A man who never made the same mistake once
Bacteria are the only culture some people have
Bad luck is being run over by the welcome wagon
Bad weather reports are more often right than good ones
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead-to-know basis
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare
Banectomy:  The removal of bruises on a banana
Barium:  What doctors do when treatment fails
Baseball is religion without the mischief
Baseball is to football as Beethoven is to rap
Basic unit of laryngitis:  1 hoarsepower
Be alert; the world needs more lerts
Be careful not to screw yourself in the foot
Be different, act normal
Be kind to your inferiors, if you can find any
Be nice to your kids; they will choose your nursing home
Be reasonable:  Do it my way
Be sure to poofread your writing
Beauty is in the body of the beholdee
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder..
Beauty times brains equals a constant
Becoming overweight is something that snacks up on you
Bedfellows make strange politicians
Before enlightenment, also do the laundry
Behaviorism is the art of pulling habits out of rats
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes
Being a pilot is a hard way to earn an easy living
Being normal is driving me crazy
Benjamin Franklin died in 1790 and is still dead
Best place to take a leak
Better living through denial
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose
Beware of low-flying butterflies
Beware of Natural Selection
Biological Science:  A contradiction in terms
Biology grows on you
Black holes were created when God divided by zero!
Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the Earth
Blood flows down one leg and up the other
Boat:  A hole in the water into which one throws money
Bore:  A person who talks when you wish him to listen
Born free...  Taxed to death
Born to shop!
Boss spelled backwards is, "double S.O.B."
Brain:  The apparatus with which we think that we think
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience
Budget:  A method for going broke methodically
Budget:  Mathematical confirmation of your suspicions
Bumper sticker on an old truck:  Don't Laugh
Bumper sticker:  Horn broken.  Watch for finger
Bumper sticker:  I Brake for Hallucinations
Bumper sticker:  I'd rather be teleporting
Bumper sticker:  My Child Can Beat Up Your Honor Student
Bumper sticker:  Stamp out crime; Abolish the IRS
Bureaucrat:  A person who cuts red tape sideways
Bureaucrat:  A politician with tenure
Business will be either better or worse
But two in the bush are more FUN than one in the hand!
California is proud to be the home of the freeway
Californians are not without their faults
Can a man do no worse than to fall in love?
Can I yell "movie" in a crowded firehouse?
Can you be a closet claustrophobic?
Can you think of another word for "synonym"?
Candy / is dandy / but liquor / is quicker
Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win
Car service:  If it ain't broke, we'll break it
Career plans:  "I want to rule the world."
Careful planning will never replace dumb luck
Carpenters (and pilots) are just plane folks
Cauterize:  Made eye contact with a woman
Caution:  Breathing might be hazardous to your health
Celibacy is hereditary
Change is great...  You go first
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine
Charm:  A way of getting a "yes"
Chastity is the most unnatural of the sexual perversions
Chicken Little was right
Circle:  A line that meets its other end without ending
Citation:  Reputation by repetition
Cleanliness is next to impossible
Clients who pay the least complain the most
Climate:  What you expect.  Weather:  What you get
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery
Cogito Eggo sum.  (I think, therefore I am a waffle.)
Cogito ergo spud.  (I think, therefore I yam.)
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously
Come in and buy what your grandparents threw away
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious
Committee:  People who keep minutes and waste hours
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career
Conform, go crazy, or become an artist
Confound those who have said our remarks before us
Confucius say too much
Congress is not the sole suppository of wisdom
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends
Consciousness:  That annoying time between naps
Conservative:  A Liberal who has just been mugged
Contents:  One universe.  Some assembly required
Continental Life.  Why do you ask?
Corduroy pillows are making headlines
Correct to within an order of magnitude:  Wrong
Courage:  Two cannibals having oral sex
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
Crime does not pay...  As well as politics
Criticism is not nearly as effective as sabotage
Culture is for bacteria
Customers are beautiful people.  Listen to them
Cut to measurements; file to shape; hammer to fit
Danger!  I drive like you do
Dare to be average
Dating is never easy for engineers
De-access your euphemisms
Death comes to all men, but some just can't wait
Death has been proven to be 99% fatal to laboratory rats
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired
Death is often a good career move for an author
Death:  To stop sinning suddenly
Democracy is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses
Democrats fall in love; Republicans fall in line
Demons are a ghoul's best friend
Design simplicity:  Developed on a shoe-string budget
Despite treatment, the patient improved
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it
Dijon vu
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art
Diversity's fine; subscribe to mine
Divorced:  Post-graduate in the School of Love
Do as I say, not as I do
Do cemetery workers prefer the graveyard shift?
Do hungry crows have ravenous appetites?
Do I strike you as a violent person?
Do not be led astray onto the path of virtue
Do not judge a book by its movie
Do not kiss an elephant on the lips today
Do not merely believe in miracles; rely on them
Do not put statements in the negative form
Do not repeat yourself or say what you have said before
Do not suffer from insanity.  Enjoy every minute of it
Do not underestimate the power of the Force
Do not use contractions in formal writing
Do unto others before they undo you
Do you find yourself thinking more and enjoying it less?
Do you have lysdexia?
Do YOU have redeeming social value?
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Does the name "Pavlov" ring a bell?
Does this hurt?  How about now?
Doing nothing is the something I do best
Don't be afraid of work.  Make work afraid of you
Don't be humble...  You're not that great
Don't bother me, I'm living happily ever after
Don't do anything you'll regret having not done sooner
Don't eat the yellow snow
Don't force it, get a larger hammer
Don't forget to never use negative commands
Don't get even
Don't get stuck in a closet; wear yourself out
Don't go away mad...  Just go away!
Don't lend people money...  It gives them amnesia
Don't make me come down there..
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper
Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that
Don't open bills on the weekend
Don't overuse exclamation marks!
Don't panic, but do you believe in reincarnation?
Don't say yes until I finish talking
Don't steal.  The government hates competition
Don't sweat the petty things
Don't undertake vast projects with half-vast ideas
Don't use no double negatives, not never
Don't vote
Don't you have anything more useful you could be doing?
Down with the categorical imperative!
Dress for radio
Drilling for oil is boring
Drive carefully.  We are overstocked
Drive on ice no faster than you want to hit something
Driving in the snow is a spectator sport
Drugs are the scenic route to nowhere
Ducks?  What ducks??
Dying is easy.  Comedy is difficult
Dyslexics of the world, untie!
Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare
Earth is a great funhouse without the fun
Eat yogurt and get culture
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we diet
Ecology:  The study of who eats whom
Egotism:  Doing a crossword puzzle with a pen
Either do wrong or feel guilty, but don't do both
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped
Either that wallpaper goes, or I do
Elections come and go, but politics are always with us
Elephant:  A mouse built to government specifications
Eliminate government waste, no matter how much it costs!
Eloquence is logic on fire
Emus cannot walk backwards
Energizer Bunny arrested
Engineers can actually hear machines talk to them
Engineers have problems that ordinary people don't
Engineers...  They love to change things
Enjoy life; you could have been a barnacle
Enough research will tend to support your theory
Entropy isn't what it used to be
Epitaph:  A postponed compliment
Eschew obfuscation
Even a genius can have an off-day
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day
Every baby resembles the relative with the most money
Every lazybones deserves a kick in his can'ts
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own
Every morning is the dawn of a new error
Every silver lining has a cloud around it
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again
Everyone is entitled to my opinion
Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous"
Everything coming your way?  You're in the wrong lane!
Everything goes on sale...  Right after you buy it
Everything in moderation, including moderation
Everything is actually everything else, just recycled
Everything is always done for the wrong reasons
Everything put together falls apart sooner or later
Everything that can be invented has been invented
Everything worthwhile is mandatory, prohibited, or taxed
Excellent day to have a rotten day
Exceptions always outnumber rules
Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget
Expert:  A person one step ahead of a non-expert
Expert:  Knows tomorrow why today's prediction failed
f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd
Familiarity breeds attempt
Familiarity breeds contempt
Famous last words:  Don't worry, I can handle it
Farmer:  A man who is outstanding in his field
Fast, Cheap, Good:  Choose any two
Fear is nature's warning sign to get busy
Feel good?  Don't worry, you'll get over it
Felix navidad.  (Our cat has a boat.)
Few women admit their age.  Few men act theirs
Field tested:  Manufacturing doesn't have a test system
Fine day for friends.  So-so day for you
First things first, but not necessarily in that order
Fits like a sock on a duck's nose
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity
Five out of four people have trouble with fractions
Flashlight:  A container for holding dead batteries
Foolproof operation:  No provision for adjustment
Fools rush in
Football, like religion, brings out the best in people
For a good time, call 555-3100
For adult education, nothing beats children
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction
For every expert, there is an equal and opposite expert
For every knee, there is a jerk
For NASA, space is still a high priority
For nosebleed:  Put the nose much lower than the body
For people who like peace and quiet:  A phoneless cord
For things to stay the same, many things must change
For this, I spent all those years in college?
Form follows function, and often obliterates it
Fortune favors the lucky
Fossil flowers come from the Petrified Florist
Free love is priced right
Freedom is just chaos, with better lighting
Friction is a drag
Friends don't let friends beer goggle
Friends:  People who know you well, but like you anyway
Funny, I don't remember being absent-minded..
Gambling:  The sure way of getting nothing for something
Gee, I thought we'd be a lot higher at MECO!
Genius is the infinite capacity for picking brains
Gentleman:  Knows how to play the bagpipes, but doesn't
Geometry teaches us to bisex angles
Get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it
Getting from A to B often requires visiting C through Z
Getting old is NOT for sissies
Giraffes have no vocal cords
Giraffiti:  Vandalism spray-painted very, very high
Girls, like flowers, bloom but once.  But once is enough
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you
Give a man enough rope and he will lasso another woman
Give a skeptic an inch and he'll measure it
Give me a place to sit, and I'll watch
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles
Give me ambiguity or give me something else
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas
Glibido:  All talk and no action
Go away.  I'm all right
Go to Heaven for the climate but Hell for the company
God could not be everywhere; therefore he made mothers
God don't make mistakes.  That's how He got to be God
God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves
God help us, we're in the hands of engineers
God is a low-impact camper
God is a polytheist
God is my co-pilot, but the devil is my bombardier
God is not dead.  He just couldn't find a parking place
God is religion.  Love is biology.  And sex is physics
God must love the common man
God, I ask for patience
Going the speed of light is bad for your age
Golf is like masturbation
GOLF:  Game Of Limitless Frustration
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a good day
Good sopranos and tenors have resonance
Good-bye.  I am leaving because I am bored
Got mole problems?  Call Avogadro:  6.02 x 10^23
Graduate life:  It's not just a job, it's an indenture
Graft:  An illegal means of uniting trees to make money
Great leaders are rare, so I'm following myself
Great minds run in great circles
Growing old is inevitable, but growing up is optional
Grub first, then ethics
Guests who kill talk show hosts
Hailing frequencies open, Captain
Half of the people you know are below average
Half of what we taught you is wrong
Hangover:  The wrath of grapes
Happiness is a ball in the fairway
Happiness is an inside job
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch
Hard work has a future payoff.  Laziness pays off now
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Have an adequate day
Have an ordinary day
Have you flogged your crew today?
Haven't you got anyone better to do?
Having children will turn you into your parents
He had delusions of adequacy
He hadn't a single redeeming vice
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides
He is so short he has to reach up to tie his shoes
He is such a steady worker that he is really motionless
He leads his readers to the latrine and locks them in
He loves nature in spite of what it did to him
He speaks Esperanto like a native
He that loves law will get his fill of it
He was a suitor for her hand, but he did not suit her
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead
He who dies with the most toys, wins
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last
He who hesitates is a damned fool
He who hesitates is last
He who hesitates is probably right
He who is content with his lot probably has a lot
He who is still laughing hasn't yet heard the bad news
He who laughs last didn't get the joke
He who laughs last is probably your boss
He who laughs last thinks slowest
He who reads many fortunes gets confused
He who shouts the loudest has the floor
He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks
Headline:  20-Year Friendship Ends at Altar
Headline:  Antique Stripper to Display Wares at Store
Headline:  Autos Killing 110 a Day
Headline:  Blind Bishop Appointed to See
Headline:  Cold Wave Linked to Temperatures
Headline:  Croupiers on Strike
Headline:  Diaper Market Bottoms Out
Headline:  Fund Set Up for Beating Victim's Kin
Headline:  Juvenile Court to Try Shooting Defendant
Headline:  Lawyers Give Poor Free Legal Advice
Headline:  Lingerie Shipment Hijacked
Headline:  March Planned for Next August
Headline:  Nicaragua Sets Goal to Wipe Out Literacy
Headline:  Patient at Death's Door
Headline:  Prostitutes Appeal to Pope
Headline:  Queen Mary Having Bottom Scraped
Headline:  Stadium Air Conditioning Fails
Headline:  Teacher Strikes Idle Kids
Headline:  War Dims Hope For Peace
Headline:  Women's Movement Called More Broad-Based
Heads they win, tails you lose
Heat expands:  In the summer the days are longer
Heavy:  Seduced by the chocolate side of the force
HECK is where people go when they don't believe in GOSH!
Heisenberg might have been here
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned
Help fight continental drift
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy
Help Wanted:  Telepath.  You know where to apply
HELP!  MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
Her kisses left something to be desired
Here are the opinions on which my facts are based
Here I am!  Now what are your other two wishes?
Hi, my name's Ron, how do you like me so far?
Hippoposthumous:  A deceased hippopotamus
Hire the morally handicapped
His mind is like a steel trap:  Full of mice
His work is very poor, but at least it's slow
Hit and run means never having to say you're sorry
Home is where the house is
Honest men marry soon, wise men not at all
Honesty is the best policy
Honeymoon:  A thrill of a wife time
Honk if you love peace and quiet
Hors d'oeuvres:  A ham sandwich cut into forty pieces
Hotdogs are best served with a ballgame
How about never?  Is never good for you?
How can I miss you if you won't go away?
How can someone "draw a blank"?
How can there be self-help groups?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How do they get deer to cross at the yellow road signs?
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
How do you keep a dummy in suspense?
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs
Humor is the best antidote to reality
I am a Libra.  Libras don't believe in astrology
I am a nutritional overachiever
I am a vegetarian because I hate plants
I am ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave
I am at one with my duality
I am dying beyond my means
I am dying with the help of too many physicians
I am going to live forever, or die trying!
I am having an out of money experience
I am in shape...  Round is a shape!
I am looking for myself.  Have you seen me lately?
I am neither for nor against apathy
I am not a complete idiot, some parts are missing!
I am not a crook
I am not a lovable man
I am not a perfectionist, but my parents were
I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!
I am not as dumb as you look
I am not cynical, just experienced
I am not deaf, I'm ignoring you
I am not eating, so I must be asleep
I am not living in the past
I am not part of the problem.  I am a Republican
I am not playing hard to get; I AM hard to get
I am not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally
I am not young enough to know everything
I am out of bed and dressed.  What more do you want?
I am sorry, but I'm not going to apologize
I am the mommy, that's why!
I am the person your mother warned you about
I am woman, I am invincible, I am tired..
I awoke one morning and found myself famous
I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch
I believe I am God, but can't prove my own existence
I belong to no organized party.  I am a Democrat
I bet you have never seen a plumber bite his nails
I bid you all a very heartfelt goodnight
I blame sex and paper for most of our current problems
I bother to show up for work because beer isn't free
I bought my boyfriend a waterbed, but we drifted apart
I brake for brick walls
I can relate to that
I can resist everything except temptation
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone..
I can't give you brains, but I can give you a diploma
I can't help hearing, but I don't always listen
I can't remember if I'm the good twin or the evil one
I carry a gun because a cop is too heavy
I couldn't have said that longer myself
I did not believe in reincarnation the last time either
I do desire we may be better strangers
I do most of my work sitting down; that is where I shine
I don't ask questions, I just have fun!
I don't date outside my species
I don't know where I am, but I'm not too far back
I don't know whether to kill myself or go bowling
I don't like money actually, but it quiets my nerves
I don't suffer from stress.  I'm a carrier
I doubt, therefore I might be
I drank what?
I drink to make other people interesting
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol
I embrace poverty.  To annoy me, send money
I feel like a million tonight, but one at a time
I feel more like I do now than I did a little while ago
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck!
I graduated first in my class from alibi school
I hate quotations
I have already told you more than I know
I have been in more laps than a napkin
I have seen the evidence...  I want DIFFERENT evidence
I have seen the truth and it makes no sense
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of
I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it
I hope my record gets out before the world blows up
I hope you receive all the letters I mean to write
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more
I just want revenge.  Is that so wrong?
I keep on making the same misttakes
I know I am efficient.  Tell me I am beautiful
I know on which side my bread is buttered
I like cats, too.  Let's exchange recipes
I like it better in the dark
I like men who have a future and women who have a past
I love California, I practically grew up in Phoenix
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy
I love it when it stays light out until it gets dark
I love mankind...  It's people I hate
I love my job; it's the work I can't stand
I may not always be right, but I'm never wrong
I might be crazy, but I am not stupid
I might not always be perfect, but I am always me
I must follow the people.  Am I not their leader?
I never heard a minute's silence like that
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation
I only like two kinds of men:  Foreign and domestic
I own and operate a ferocious ego
I plan on living forever.  So far, so good
I plead contemporary insanity
I really had to act; 'cause I didn't have any lines
I refuse to star in your psychodrama
I reserve the right to die or resign without notice
I see time away from the refrigerator as exercise
I shot an arrow into the air and it stuck
I sort of always get low-grade mystical experiences
I spilled spot remover on my dog.  Now he's gone
I stand by all the misstatements that I've made
I stared Mother Nature in the face, and she smiled back
I suggest a new strategy, Artoo:  Let the Wookee win
I think I am a sexual threat
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it
I think we are all Bozos on this bus
I think, therefore I am paid
I think, therefore I am!  I think?
I think, therefore I am...  Usually in a lot of trouble
I think, therefore I'm single
I thought growing old would take longer
I thought YOU were supposed to feed the dinosaurs!
I took an IQ test and the results were negative
I typo ther fr I m
I used to be a nun, but I kicked the habit
I used to be agnostic, but now I'm not so sure
I used to be an adult before I grew up
I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted
I used to have a handle on life, then it broke
I used to know that stuff
I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead
I want it all and I want it now
I want to achieve immortality through not dying
I want to make sure everybody who has a job wants a job
I was an expert parent.  Then I had children
I was dangerously boring
I was having a great day until I woke up
I went looking for trouble, and I found it
I will always love the false image I had of you
I will meet you at the corner of Walk and Don't Walk
I will never lie to you
I wish you happy New Year...  But only one
I would explain it to you but your brain would explode
I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous
I would have made a good pope
I would know what to think if I knew who to believe
I would like to lick apricot brandy out of your navel
I would rather fish than eat, particularly eat fish
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac
I wouldn't mind being poor if I had lots of money
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize
I'd rather walk through a fire than walk away from one
I'll give you a definite maybe
I'll play it first and tell you what it is later
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter
I'm going to commit suicide, or die trying
I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?
I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up
I'm leaving my body to science fiction
I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it any more!
I'm not 27, I'm 12, with 15 years of experience
I'm not afraid of heights, I'm afraid of falling
I'm not cheap, but I am on special this week
I'm not going deaf.  I'm ignoring you
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert
I'm smarter than the average bear!
I'm still an atheist, thank God
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time
I've been things and done places
I've only got one other speed, and it's slower
Ice cream cures all ills.  Temporarily
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
If a parsley farmer is sued, can they garnish his wages?
If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled?
If all is not lost, where is it?
If all the world's a stage, I want some better lighting
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
If at first you don't succeed, you'll get lots of advice
If at first you don't succeed, your successor will
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
If flattery gets you nowhere, try bribery
If God is so great, how come everything he makes dies?
If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong
If I can't take it with me, I'm not going!
If I ever marry, it will be on a sudden impulse
If I follow you home, will you keep me?
If I had a life, I'd end it
If I had any humility I would be perfect
If I have sex with my clone, will I go blind?
If I insult you, you can be goddamn sure I intend to
If I were you, who would you be?
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic
If ignorance isn't bliss, I don't know what is
If in doubt, make it sound convincing
If in doubt, mumble
If it ain't broke, you're not trying hard enough
If it ain't damp, it ain't camp
If it falls off, it doesn't matter
If it is Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune
If it is worth doing, it is worth doing for money
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven
If it wasn't for lawyers, we wouldn't need them
If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would get done
If it's called tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
If liberals really hated America
If life gives you lemons, take them, free stuff is cool
If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic
If little else, the brain is an educational toy
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
If money can fix it, it's not a problem
If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will
If Satan ever loses his hair, there'll be hell toupee
If the Pope wants to see me, he can come to my show
If the shoe fits, buy the other one too
If the shoe fits, it's ugly
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If there is no self, whose arthritis is this?
If they won't read my words, no one's going to stop them
If this were subjunctive, I'm in the wrong mood
If thou art in the bathtub, the telephone tolls for thee
If time flies, does it mean you are having fun?
If triangles had a God, he'd have three sides
If we do not succeed, we run the risk of failure
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be research
If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
If you are mad at your neighbor, buy his kid a drum
If you are not very clever you should be conciliatory
If you believe in psychokinesis, raise my hand
If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted
If you can't make it good, make it big
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious
If you cannot convince them, confuse them
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it
If you don't believe me, stand in line
If you don't care where you are, then you aren't lost
If you don't know what you're doing, do it neatly
If you don't like the news, go out and make some
If you don't pay your exorcist, you get repossessed
If you have half a mind to watch TV, that is enough
If you have nothing to say, please say it only once
If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it
If you liked Earth, you will love Heaven
If you live alone, deodorant is a waste of good money
If you mess with a thing long enough, it will break
If You Pass This Point You Will Most Certainly Die
If you put it off long enough, it might go away
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
If you want a kitten, start out by asking for a horse
If you're born again, do you get two bellybuttons?
If you've got part of it, flaunt that part
If you've seen one redwood, you've seen them all
If your dog is fat, you aren't getting enough exercise
Ignoranus:  A person who's both stupid and an asshole
Ignore previous fortune
Ill-bred children always display their pest manners
Illiterate?  Write for free help
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery
Immortality
Imports are ports very far inland
In an accident, it's not who's right, but who's left
In base infinity, all integers are just one digit
In Boston, drivers don't even obey the laws of PHYSICS
In case of emergency, contact:  "A good doctor."
In case of fire...  Yell "fire"
In cyberspace, everyone gets their 15 minutes of shame
In English, every word can be verbed
In Lake Wobegon, all the children are above average
In married life three is company and two is none
In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved
In midevil times most of the people were alliterate
In my case, saving the world was only a hobby
In principle I am against principles
In some cultures what you do would be considered normal
In the future, your clothes will be smarter than you
In this world, truth can wait; she is used to it
Include me out
Incoming fire has the right of way
Incompetence is a double-edged banana
Indecision is the key to flexibility
Individualists unite!
Ingress is not a necessary precursor to egress
Insanity is inherited; you get it from your kids!
Insufficient data for a meaningful answer at this time
Interchangeable parts won't
Invest in physics; own a piece of Dirac
Irrationality is the square root of all evil
IRS:  Income Reduction Service
Is Interstate 35 the best thing to come out of Iowa?
Is is the verb for when you don't want a verb
Is it possible to be totally partial?
Is it time for lunch yet?
Is knowledge knowable, and how do we know?
Is there life before coffee?
Is there life before death?
Is this really happening?
It ain't loafing unless they can prove it
It behooves the writer to avoid archaic expressions
It bothers people if you are lucid and ironic
It doesn't matter that everything has already been said
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose
It has been Monday all week today
It is a small world.  So you gotta use your elbows a lot
It is bad luck to be superstitious
It is better to be an ancestor than a descendant
It is better to burn out than to fade away
It is better to have loved and lost
It is better to sit still than rise and fall
It is considered tacky to take a cooler to church
It is easier to get older than it is to get wiser
It is easy to love a sleeping baby
It is hard to be humble when you are so perfect
It is kind of fun to do the impossible
It is later than you think
It is morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money
It is more than magnificent
It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide
It is not an optical illusion, it just looks like one
It is not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either
It is not my week to care
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs
It seems to make an auto driver mad if she misses you
It takes years to become an overnight success
It was a brave man that ate the first oyster
It was such a beautiful day I decided to stay in bed
It works better if you plug it in
It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to paint it
It's better to be looked over than overlooked
It's certainly strange how little I look like me
It's good to get a taste of someone else's moccasins
It's hard to be funny when you have to be clean
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
It's just too easy to start a religion
It's not easy being green
It's not hard to meet expenses; they are everywhere
It's not the men in my life, it's the life in my men
It's often your clothing that gets promoted
It's sick the way you people keep having sex without me
It's the friends you can call up at 4 am that matter
It's time for the human race to enter the solar system
Jealousy:  All the fun you think they have
John Muir was the sum of his parks
Journalism is literature in a hurry
Journalism is the first draft of history
Junk:  Stuff we throw away.  Stuff:  Junk we keep
Justice:  A decision in your favor
Karmageddon:  When the Earth explodes due to bad vibes
Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans
Keep in mind that all I had to work with was chaos
Keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead
Keep the pointy end forward and the dirty side down
Kilroy occupied these spatial coordinates
Kiss me twice, I'm schizophrenic
Klatu barada nikto
Klein bottle for rent
Kleptomaniac:  A rich thief
Knocked; you weren't in
Know thyself
Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions
Landing:  A controlled mid-air collision with a planet
Late to bed, early to rise, makes a man tired
Laugh alone, and the world thinks you're an idiot
Laugh at your problems; everybody else does
Lawyers:  America's untapped export market
Lead me not into temptation.  I can find it myself
Leakproof seals...  Do
Learn from your parents' mistakes
Learn the rules.  Then break some
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse
Leftover nuts never match leftover bolts
Legalize freedom
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch
Let's get drunk and be somebody
Let's hope God grades on a curve
Liberal arts major...  Will think for money
Liberal:  A Conservative who has just been arrested
Licorice is the liver of candy
Life
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward
Life does not begin at 40 for those who went 60 at 20
Life is a game of bridge
Life is a jigsaw puzzle with most of the pieces missing
Life is a sexually transmitted terminal disease
Life is antagonistic to the living
Life is carcinogenic
Life is complex.  It has real and imaginary parts
Life is difficult because it is non-linear
Life is just a stage:  We all go through it
Life is just sudden-death overtime
Life is like an analogy
Life is nature's way of keeping meat fresh
Life is not for everyone
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep
Life is the ultimate cause of death
Life is too important to be taken seriously
Life is tough.  If it wasn't, anybody could do it
Life is uncertain, so eat dessert first
Life is wasted on the living
Life is what puts the "pee" in entropy
Life not only begins at forty, it begins to show
Life without caffeine is stimulating enough
Lisa, in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!
Little things come in small packages
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse
Livestock usually is a poor choice for a wedding gift
Loafer:  Someone trying to make two weekends meet
Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence
Loneliness is a good thing to share with someone
Look out for number 1.  Don't step in number 2 either
Looking like a weed doesn't make you organic
Losing my virginity was a career move
Lottery:  A tax on people who are bad at math
Love does much; money does everything
Love is a vacation from reality
Love is being stupid together
Love is blind, but marriage is definitely an eye-opener
Love is Grand...  Divorce is Twenty Grand
Love is sentimental measles
Love is sex misspelled
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence
Love lasts as long as money endures
Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes
Love means nothing to a tennis player
Love the sea?  I dote upon it
Love thy neighbor:  Tune thy piano
Love thyself, and others will hate thee
Love your enemies.  It will make them crazy
Love your neighbor, but don't get caught
Love:  An obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage
Love:  Two vowels, two consonants, two fools
LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand
LSD soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess reality
Machines have less problems.  I'd like to be a machine
Madness takes its toll.  Please have exact change
Maggit:  A subscription card that falls from a magazine
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot
Make yourself at home!  Start by cleaning my kitchen
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it
Man is the only animal that blushes
Man was created to complete the horse
Managers are like cats in a litter box
Mankind... infests the whole habitable Earth and Canada
Manners are the noises you don't make when eating soup
Many a family tree needs trimming
Many a yo-yo thinks he has the world on a string
Many are called, but few are at their desks
Many are cold, but few are frozen
Many pages make a crowded castle
Marriage causes dating problems
Marriage is a rest period between romances
Marriage is a trip between Niagara Falls and Reno
Marriage is an institution
Marriage is not a word; it is a sentence
Marriage is not for wimps
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth
Masturbation is having sex with someone I love
Mathematicians are willing to assume anything
Mathematicians take it to the limit
Matrimony is the root of all evil
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value
Maturity is a high price to pay for growing up
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse
May you have many friends and very few living enemies
Me...  A skeptic??  I trust you have proof?
Meditation is not what you think
Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples
Meteorologists have warm fronts
Michelangelo would have made better time with a roller
Microwaves frizz your heir
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms
Miracles are great, but they are so damned unpredictable
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue
Monday is the root of all evil
Money costs too much
Money DOES talk
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots
More than enough is too much
Most general statements are false, including this one
Most lipstick contains fish scales
Mother is the invention of necessity
Mother told me to be good, but she has been wrong before
Mountain range:  A cooking stove used at high altitudes
Mouse potato:  The computer equivalent of a TV addict
Mummy:  An Egyptian who was pressed for time
Murphy never met anyone he didn't meet
Murphy was an optimist
My body is rejecting me
My commitment is to truth, not consistency
My favorite book on tape is, "Where's Waldo?"
My God is alive and kicking.  Sorry about yours
My inferiority complex isn't very good
My mother had morning sickness after I was born
My mother is a travel agent for guilt trips
My reality check just bounced
My reputation grows with every failure
My toughest fight was with my first wife
My truck does not leak, it's marking its territory
My whole life has been an out-of-body experience
My wife ran off with my best friend, and I miss him
Myth:  A young female moth
Narcolepulacy:  The contagious action of yawning
Nature abhors a hero
Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw
Neanderthals delivered children without training manuals
Necessity has no law; I know some attorneys of the same
Necessity is a mother
Neckties strangle clear thinking
Neutrinos have bad breadth
Neutrinos have mass?  I didn't know they were Catholic!
Never be photographed with a cocktail glass in your hand
Never be worth more to anyone dead than alive
Never believe a rumor until it is officially denied
Never buy anything electrical at a flea market
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow
Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you
Never eat anything bigger than your head
Never eat more than you can lift
Never give an inch!
Never go to bed mad; stay up and fight
Never have any children, only grandchildren
Never hold a Dustbuster and a cat at the same time
Never laugh at live dragons
Never let the facts stand in the way of a good answer
Never look back, someone might be gaining on you
Never make forecasts, especially about the future
Never miss a good chance to shut up
Never pass a snowplow on the right
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today
Never replace a successful experiment
Never say anything more predictive than, "Watch this!"
Never send a monster to do the work of an evil genius
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than yourself
Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself
Never stand between a fire hydrant and a dog
Never tell your mom her diet's not working
Never throw a bird at a dragon
Never tow another car using pantyhose and duct tape
Never trust a dog to watch your food
Never try to baptize a cat
Never try to outstubborn a cat
Never verb your nouns
New:  Different color from previous model
Niagara Falls is beautiful for thirty seconds
Nice guys don't finish nice
Nice guys don't get laid
Nice perfume...  Must you marinate in it?
Nice tie
Nihilism should commence with oneself
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name
No brains, no headache
No generalization is wholly true, not even this one
No good deed goes unpunished
No guts, no glory
No job is so simple that it cannot be done wrong
No maintenance:  Impossible to fix
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas
No matter how much you do, you never do enough
No matter what you do, someone always knew you would
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid
No one is listening until you make a mistake
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere
No sentence fragments
No trespassing without permission
No verb is not a crime.  No crime, no sentence
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nobody goes there anymore 'cause it's too crowded
Nobody knows the trouble I have been
Nobody remembers the second person to say E = mc2
Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong
Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it
Norwegians have deep pockets, but very short arms
Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be
Not all men are annoying.  Some are dead
Not so random and clumsy as a blaster
Nothin' ain't worth nothin', but it's free
Nothing can be done in one trip
Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget
Nothing exceeds like excess
Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses
Nothing is certain but the unforeseen
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done
Nothing is so impudent as success
Nothing is so smiple that it cannot be screwed up
Nothing recedes like success
Nothing ruins the truth like stretching it
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits
Now that I have it all, can I give some of it away?
Nuclear war would really set back cable
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits
Nudists are the last people you want to see naked
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable
Of course I am happily married
Often it is fatal to live too long
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Oh, if faces could only talk!
Old accountants never die; they just lose their balance
Old actors never die; they just drop apart
Old age comes at a bad time
Old age:  You + 20 years
Old bankers never die; they just lose interest
Old beekeepers never die; they just buzz off
Old cashiers never die; they just check out
Old chauffeurs never die; they just lose their drive
Old cooks never die; they just get deranged
Old daredevils never die; they just get discouraged
Old deans never die; they just lose their faculties
Old doctors never die; they just lose their patience
Old electricians never die; they just lose contact
Old farmers never die; they just go to seed
Old frogs never die; they just croak
Old hippies never die; they just smell that way
Old investors never die; they just roll over
Old is needing a fire permit for your birthday cake
Old lawyers never die; they just lose their appeal
Old limbo dancers never die; they just go under
Old mathematicians never die; they just disintegrate
Old milkmaids never die; they just lose their whey
Old musicians never die; they just get played out
Old owls never die; they just don't give a hoot
Old pacifists never die; they just go to peaces
Old photographers never die; they just stop developing
Old pilots never die; they just go to a higher plane
Old policemen never die; they just cop out
Old postmen never die; they just lose their zip
Old schools never die; they just lose their principals
Old sculptors never die; they just lose their marbles
Old seers never die; they just lose their vision
Old sewage workers never die; they just waste away
Old skiers never die; they just go downhill
Old steelmakers never die; they just lose their temper
Old students never die; they just get degraded
Old tanners never die; they just go into hiding
Old teachers never die; they just lose their class
Old wrestlers never die; they just lose their grip
Omniscience:  Talking only about things you know about
On the other hand, you have different fingers
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia
On time.  No defects.  Pick one
Once upon a time:  Back when snakes used to walk
Once you've seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall
One Bell System
One bit of advice:  Don't give it
One day you will find yourself and be quite disappointed
One figure can sometimes add up to a lot
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket
One millionth of a mouthwash = one microscope
One of us is thinking about sex...  OK, it's me
One picture is worth a few thousand bucks
One seventh of your life is spent on Monday
One should always be a little improbable
One size fits all:  Doesn't fit anyone
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor
One thing leads to another, and usually does
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps
Only fools are quoted
Only God could mess up your life that much
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment
Optimist:  Woman who regards a bulge as a curve
Oregonians don't tan, they rust
Our parents were never our age
Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing
Our sequiturs tend to be non
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal
Outpatient:  A person who has fainted
Pain is just a sensory input
Pain is temporary.  Either it goes away, or you do
Pampered cows give spoiled milk
Panic is the second time you can't do it the first time
Paper is always strongest at the perforations
Paradox:  An assistant to PhDs
Patience is counting down without blasting off
Paying alimony is like feeding hay to a dead horse
Pediatricians eat, because children don't
People are idiots
People have one thing in common:  They are all different
People who go to conferences are the ones who should not
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw parties
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses
People who verb nouns really weird language
People will buy anything that is one to a customer
Perfect guest:  One who makes his host feel at home
Perfect paranoia is perfect awareness
Phasers locked on target, Captain
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the Earth
Pity the poor egg; it only gets laid once
Plagiarism:  Losers must be choosers
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow
Planet three is the place to be!
Plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week
Plunder first, THEN pillage
Politicians aren't born, they're excreted
Politics consists of deals and ideals
Politics:  The art of turning influence into affluence
Positive:  Being mistaken at the top of your voice
Power corrupts.  Absolute power is great!
Power means not having to respond
Predestination was doomed from the start
Prejudice doesn't have a Chinaman's chance in Chicago
Pressure:  The normal force acting upon an engineer
Pride is what we have...  Vanity is what others have
Princesses don't do dishes or take out garbage
Prisoners talk to each other on cell phones
Pro is to con as progress is to Congress
Procrastinate now
Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry
Procrastination:  The art of keeping up with yesterday
Professor:  One who talks in someone else's sleep
Progress is made on alternate Fridays
Proofread carefully to see if you words out
Proofreading is more effective after publication
Properly trained, a man can be a dog's best friend
Proximity isn't everything, but it comes close
Prunes give you a run for your money
Psychiatry:  Figuring out the program from the printout
Psychosclerosis:  Hardening of the attitude
Public speaking is very easy
Push something hard enough and it will fall over
Pushing 40 is exercise enough
Quack!
Quality assurance doesn't
Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!
Quip pro quo:  A fast retort
Quit working and play for once!
Quo signo nata es?  (What's your sign?)
Quoting one is plagiarism.  Quoting many is research
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives
Rain is saved up in cloud banks
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down
Read my lips:  No new taxes
Read the directions, even if you don't follow them
Real life is not like this
Real Work + Appearance of Work = Total Work
Reality
Reality has a well-known liberal bias
Reality is an illusion brought on by lack of alcohol
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination
Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs
Reality is for people who can't face science fiction
Reality is for people who lack imagination
Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity
Recent studies prove I don't have to be reasonable
Recycle old photons
Recycle your mother-in-law
Red lights always last longer than green lights
Refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person
Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds
Rehab is for quitters
Reintarnation:  Coming back to life as a hillbilly
Religions are maintained by people who can't get laid
Remember to breathe when your head is above water
Remember to finish what
Remember, life is not a test, it is an actual emergency
Reputation:  What others are not thinking about you
Respondez s'il vous plaid.  (Honk if you're Scottish.)
Responsibility always exceeds authority
Reunite Pangea!
Roll up your sleeves...  And you won't lose your shirt
Rubber bands have snappy endings
Rugged:  Too heavy to lift
Sacred cows make the best hamburger
Sagan:  The international unit of humility
Sailing is a form of mast transit
Saint:  A dead sinner revised and edited
Santa's helpers are subordinate clauses
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer
Satisfaction guaranteed, or twice your load back
Save energy:  Be apathetic
Save the whales.  Collect the whole set
Schroedinger's cat might have died for your sins
Science is a game for the fame of the name
Science is material.  Religion is immaterial
Scientists are explorers; philosophers are just tourists
Scotty, beam me up a double!
Sculpture:  Mud pies that endure
Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience
See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil
Seeing is deceiving.  It's eating that's believing
Seek and ye shall have sought
Seek simplicity
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it
Self-control:  The ability to eat only one peanut
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence
Sex for money usually costs a lot less than sex for free
Sex has no calories
Sex is dirty only when it's done right
Sex is so popular because it's centrally located
Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off
Shakespeare thought more of the lady than of the poem
She loves you as much as she can, which is not very much
She walks as if balancing the family tree on her nose
She was a sigh to behold
She was all signs and no scenery
She was suffering from fallen archness
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Show off:  A child who is more talented than yours
Shut her down Scotty, she's sucking mud again!
Sign at a bar:  We install and service hangovers
Sign in electrician's office:  Let us remove your shorts
Sign in tire shop:  Invite us to your next blowout
Silly is a state of mind.  Stupid is a way of life
Smile!  You're on Candid Camera
Smile, tomorrow will be worse
Smile...  People will wonder what you have been up to
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics
Snackmosphere:  The 95% air inside bags of potato chips
So long, and thanks for all the fish
So many men, so little time
So, what's the speed of dark?
Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock
Solipsism:  I think, therefore you are
Solipsists of the world, unite!
Some are wise, and some are otherwise
Some days are more expensive than others
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydrant
Some is good, more is better, too much is just right
Some men are discovered; others are found out
Some of us quit looking for work when we find a job
Some people who can, should not
Some trails are uphill in both directions
Someday you will get your big chance
Someone is speaking well of you.  How unusual!
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar
Sometimes it takes me all day to get nothing done
Sometimes people don't recognize how wise you are
Sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma
Sounds like a personal problem to me
Souport publik edekasion
Spare no expense to save money on this one
Speak softly and carry a cellular phone
Speed is n subsittute fo accurancy
Spelling is a lossed art
Spending on the military doesn't increase the deficit
Spinster:  A bachelor's wife
Stalin's grave is a communist plot
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with
Statisticians do it with 95 percent confidence
Stay away from flying saucers today
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly
Street lights timed for 35 mph are also timed for 70 mph
Stupidity got us into this mess
Stupidity is a renewable resource
Stupidity is not a survival trait
Subject and verb always has to agree
Success comes in cans, failure in can'ts
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism
Superiority is a recessive trait
Support Search
Sure fire diet:  Swallowing pride
Sure it will sell product, but will it win awards?
Swimming pool:  A mob of people with water in it
System-independent:  Works equally poorly on all systems
Tact is the unsaid part of what you are thinking
Tact:  Changing the subject without changing the mind
Take it easy, we're in a hurry
Take me drunk, I'm home
Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing metaphors
Take what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof
Talk is cheap because the supply exceeds the demand
Talk is cheap, unless you hire a lawyer
Taxation WITH representation isn't so hot, either!
Teach your kids the value of money
Teachers are the only profession that teach our children
Technique:  A trick that works
Teenagers are two year olds with hormones and wheels
Terrorists blow up celluloid factory...  No film at 11
Texans are southerners with an attitude
Texas remains our largest unfrozen state
Thank God we can't prove he exists
Thank you for observing all safety precautions
That man's silence is wonderful to listen to
That must be wonderful; I don't understand it at all
That that is is that that is not is not
The 51st state of the USA is paranoia
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech
The adverb always follows the verb
The beatings will continue until morale improves
The best cure for insomnia is a Monday morning
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep
The best parachute folders are those who jump themselves
The best time to buy anything is last year
The best vacations are spent near the budget
The best way out of yourself is through someone else
The bigger they are, the harder they hit
The biggest fish he ever caught were those that got away
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used
The chicken was the egg's idea of getting more eggs
The chief cause of problems is solutions
The cost of feathers is higher.  Down is up
The covers of this book are too far apart
The dandelion song:  I fought the lawn, and the lawn won
The day will happen whether or not you get up
The death rate on Earth is:  One per person
The dog's life is a good life, for a dog
The early worm gets eaten first
The early worm gets the late bird
The Earth makes one resolution every 24 hours
The eastern part of Asia is called Euthanasia
The English spell much better than they pronounce
The fact that it works is immaterial
The facts, although interesting, are irrelevant
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces
The fewer the data points, the smoother the curve
The first liar has a significant advantage
The first myth about management is that it exists
The first rule of gun fighting is
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization
The following statement is not true..
The Forecaster Hall of Fame is an empty room
The four seasons are salt, pepper, mustard, and vinegar
The French for London is Paris
The future will be better tomorrow
The general direction of the Alps is straight up
The hardest thing to stop is a temporary chairman
The highway of life is always under construction
The holodeck will be society's last invention
The idea is to die young as late as possible
The IRS has what it takes to take what you've got
The key to longevity is to keep breathing
The law of gravity was enacted by the British Parliament
The meek shall inherit the Earth
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog
The more things change, the more they stay insane
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey
The most common name in the world is Mohammed
The moving finger having writ...  Gestures
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours
The number one thing only women understand:  Other women
The older I get, the better I used to be
The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism
The only bad publicity is your obituary
The only easy day was yesterday
The only short meetings are when no one shows up
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on
The opera isn't over until the fat lady sings
The optimum committee has no members
The other line always moves faster
The pen is mightier than the pencil
The perfect lover would turn into a pizza at 4 am
The person who walks alone is soon trailed by the FBI
The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum
The phrase "working mother" is redundant
The plural of "musical instrument" is "orchestra"
The poor ye have with ye always
The prairies are vast plains covered by treeless forests
The proper basis for marriage is mutual misunderstanding
The punishment for bigamy is two mothers-in-law
The purpose of the body is to carry the brain around
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi
The real thing does not advertise
The richer your friends, the more they will cost you
The rooster may crow, but the hen delivers
The Schizophrenic:  An Unauthorized Autobiography
The second best policy is dishonesty
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything
The secret of life is to look good at a distance
The seminar for time travel will be held two weeks ago
The shortest distance between two points is no fun
The shortest distance between two points is through hell
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick
The Society of Independent People has no members
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest
The voices in my head tell me I'm perfectly sane
The wages of sin are probably not what you're making now
The weather at home improves as soon as you go away
The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful
The winds of change aren't what they used to be
The Wonder Bra will give a cucumber a cleavage
The word today is legs...  Spread the word
The world is run by C students
The worst thing about censorship is xxxxxxxxxx
The zebra is chiefly used to illustrate the letter Z
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball
There are as many grammars as there are grammarians
There are more old drunkards than old doctors
There are no bad haircuts in cyberspace
There are no failures at a class reunion
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow
There is a vas deferens between men and women
There is always more hell that needs raising
There is always one more imbecile than you counted on
There is at least one fool in every married couple
There is exactly one true categorical statement
There is no bad beer.  Some kinds are better than others
There is no devil; it's God when he's drunk
There is no excuse for laziness, but I am working on it
There is no future in time travel
There is no problem a good miracle can't solve
There is no remedy for sex but more sex
There is no room in the drug world for amateurs
There is no such thing as a little garlic
There is no time like the pleasant
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax
There is nothing wrong with sobriety in moderation
There is nothing you can do that can't be done
There is only one way up a mountain, but 360 ways down
There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us
There's no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothing
There's plenty of room at the bottom
They also serve who only pay their dues
They also surf who only stand on waves
They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist..
Things are more like they used to be than they are now
Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other
Things look better when they are falling down
Things to do today:  1. Hunt.  2. Gather
Things won't get any better, so get used to it
Things work better if you plug them in
Think honk if you are telepathic
Third marriage is the triumph of desperation over wisdom
This book fills a much-needed gap
This fortune is encrypted
This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another
This is a good time to punt work
This is a great day for France!
This is a recording
This is as bad as it can get, but don't count on it
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week
This is the day for firm decisions!  Or is it?
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put
This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong
This prediction will not come true
This report is filled with omissions
This sentance has threee errors
This sentence no verb
This will be a memorable month
This won't hurt, did it?
This won't hurt, I promise
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate
Those who don't mingle will die single
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't
Three good things about school:  June, July, August
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead
Thumbs Up to a Healthy Prostate!
Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies like a banana
Time flies when you don't know what you are doing
Time is an illusion; lunchtime doubly so
Time may be a great healer, but it's a lousy beautician
Time's fun when you're having flies
To be, or not to be
To err is human
To err is human; to admit it is a blunder
To err is human; To forgive is Not Company Policy
To err is human; to forgive is unusual
To err is human; to moo, bovine
To generalize is to be an idiot
To get holy water, boil the hell out of it
To hell with deep thoughts, this is the mating process
To know recursion, you must first know recursion
To make God laugh, tell him your plans
To split is human, to infinitive, divine
To YOU I am an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess
Today is the last day of the past of your life
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday
Tomorrow looks like a good day to sleep in
Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest
Too much is not enough
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL
Toothaches tend to start on a Saturday night
Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore
Trends are the new trend
Truthful:  Dumb and illiterate
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance
Try to look unimportant, they might be low on ammo
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week
Turnabite is foreplay
Twenty percent of zero is better than nothing
Two can live as cheaply as one for half as long
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage
Two heads are more numerous than one
Two is not equal to 3, not even for large values of 2
Two thousand mockingbirds = two kilomockingbirds
Two wrongs are only the beginning
Two wrongs do not make a right, but the three...  do
UFOs are real.  The Air Force doesn't exist
Under every stone lurks a politician
Under-Achievers Anonymous has an 11-step program
Unmatched:  Almost as good as the competition
Unqualified superlatives are the worst of all
Use the word "paradigm" several times a day
Vacuum:  A large, empty space where the Pope lives
Ventis secundis, tene cursum.  (Go with the flow.)
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things
Verbs have to agree with their subjects
Very funny, Scotty.  Now beam down my clothes
Vescere bracis meis.  (Eat my shorts.)
Virgin wool comes from ugly sheep
Virginity can be cured
Virtual reality is its own reward
VISA la France.  (Don't leave the chateau without it.)
Volcano:  A mountain with hiccups
Vote anarchist
Vote yes on no
Wagner's music is better than it sounds
Walt Disney didn't die.  He's in suspended animation
War is God's way of teaching us geography
War is menstruation envy
Warning:  Dates in calendar are closer than they appear
Warranty clauses are voided by payment of the invoice
Waste not, get your budget cut next year
Water?  I never touch the stuff:  Fish make love in it
We all keep busy keeping each other busy
We are all self-made, but only the rich will admit it
We are living in a golden age.  All you need is gold
We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed
We are the people our parents warned us about
We buy junk and sell antiques
We can all admit we like acronyms and leave it at that
We can't leave the haphazard to chance
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure
We dispense with accuracy
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of SMART?
We have nothing to fear about work but the work itself
We have the best politicians that money can buy
We have them just where they want us
We learn by making better mistakes
We will get along fine as soon as you realize I am God
We will sell gasoline to anyone in a glass container
Wealth:  The ability to support debt
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise
What did God say after creating man?  "I can do better."
What do women want?  Nowadays mainly...  Other women
What does DNA stand for?  National Dyslexia Association
What doesn't kill us makes us bitter
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
What happens to the hole when the cheese is gone?
What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes
What has four legs and an arm?  A happy pit bull
What has reality ever done for anyone?
What if there were no hypothetical situations?
What is another word for Thesaurus?
What is Life?  It's the cereal Mikey likes
What is mind?  No matter.  What is matter?  Never mind
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
What orators lack in depth they make up for in length
What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
What was sliced bread the greatest thing since?
What!  Me worry?
Whatever became of eternal truth?
Whatever is your lot in life, build on it
Whatever it is, I am against it
Whatever it is, I didn't do it!
When a girl goes bad
When all else fails, lower your standards
When all else fails, try reading the directions
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear
When evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve
When God gives you AIDS... make lemonAIDS
When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up
When I was a Brownie, I ate all the cookies
When in doubt, lead trump
When it rains, it pours
When it's you against the world, bet on the world
When Lincoln was President, he wore only a tall silk hat
When marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws
When Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years
When talking nonsense try not to be serious
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro
When there's a will, I want to be in it
When they ship styrofoam, what do they pack it in?
When this sign is under water, this road is impassable
When working on a problem, it helps to know the answer
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut
When you feel terrific, notify your face
When you sit too long on the ice, you get a polaroid
When your memory goes, forget it!
Where do forest rangers go to "get away from it all"?
Where is Denver?  Denver is just below the O in Colorado
Where there's a whip, there's a way
Where there's a will, there's a relative
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax
Wherever you go, there you are
While in jail a man worked on his alibiography
Whining martyrs get a lot of stage time
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship
Who am I to criticize another maniac?
Who are these children, and why are they calling me Mom?
Who cares about procreation, as long as it tickles?
Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
Who was that masked man?
Who's on first?
Whoever it was who told you you were wrong was right
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?
Why argue when we both know I am right?
Why did God give us ten fingers and only two nostrils?
Why did the elephant cross the road?  Chicken's day off
Why didn't Noah just swat those two mosquitos?
Why do expenses always rise to meet income?
Why do men die before their wives?  They want to
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
Why do you park on a driveway and drive on a parkway?
Why does bread always fall butter side down?
Why does sour cream have an expiration date?
Why does the other lane always move faster?
Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Why doesn't life come with subtitles?
Why go elsewhere and be cheated when you can come here?
Why is "abbreviated" such a long word?
Why is brassiere singular and panties plural?
Why is it called "rush hour" when nothing moves?
Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?
Why is there a "permanent press" setting on an iron?
Why isn't "phonetic" spelled the way it's said?
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food?
Why listen to reason when insanity prevails?
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
Why would anyone want to be called Later?
Wilderness:  A place where something might eat you
Wine and youth increase love
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything
Wisdom is only happening to guess right
With a rubber duck, one's never alone
With enough garlic, you can eat the New York Times
With enough thrust, pigs fly just fine
With sex, who cares if practice doesn't make perfect
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless
Without life, biology itself would be impossible
Woman was God's second mistake
Women fake orgasm because men fake foreplay
Women like the simplest things in life...  Men
Women need a reason to have sex; men just need a place
Women speak in estrogen but men listen in testosterone
Women speak two languages, one of which is verbal
Women who desire to be like men, lack ambition
Women who love only women may have a good point
Women:  We cannot love them all.  But we must try
Work is the curse of the drinking classes
Work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Write all adverbial forms correct
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided
Yale is one big party...  With a $25K cover charge
Yawning is an orgasm for your face
Years of development:  We finally got one to work
Yesterday was the deadline on all complaints
Yield to temptation; it might not pass your way again
YKK on a zipper stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushikigaisha
You are confused; but this is your normal state
You are entitled to your own wrong opinion
You are here.  But you are not all there
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike
You are never going to fail unless you try
You are not as fat as you imagine
You are not from Earth, are you?
You are not paranoid if they're really after you..
You are ugly and your mother dresses you funny
You are validating my inherent mistrust of strangers
You can never find a lost-and-found when you need one
You can observe a lot just by watchin'
You can rent this profound space for only $5 a week
You can tell if you're on the right track
You can't belay a man who's falling in love
You can't fix stupid, but you can vote it out
You can't fool me
You can't get there from here
You can't have Kate and Edith too!
You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk
You can't legislate against human nature
You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it
You could be playing a video game instead
You couldn't pay me to work on commission
You don't know what you're talking about, do you?
You have an important role as a negative example
You have been selected for a secret mission
You have good manners, but never carry them about you
You made me think.  I will be wary of you in the future
You never find a lost item until after you replace it
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive
You now have Asian Flu
You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think
You should hardly ever equivocate
You were conspicuous by your absence
You will be surprised by a loud noise
You will become rich and famous, unless you don't
You will feel hungry again in another hour
You will soon forget this
You will step on the night soil of many countries
You will wish you hadn't
You won't skid if you stay in a rut
You!  Off my planet!
You'll find it all at Greeley Mall
You're not late until you get there
Your boss is the biggest obstacle to workday leisure
Your check is in the mail
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now)
Your love life will be...  Interesting
Your lucky number has been disconnected
Your weapon is made by the lowest bidder.
